Intuition lies at the intersection of knowledge and experience.
The more you have of each,
the more intuition you develop.
By taking this course,
you are well on your way to developing
the intuition needed for a career in cybersecurity.
For instance, you work in an organization
that is regularly audited for multiple compliances.
You have been tasked with installing a new collaboration application,
and the documentation calls for the account that
connects to the database to have sys admin privileges.
Due to your knowledge of layered security,
and your experience of going through compliance audits,
you will instantly know this violates the principle of lease privilege,
opens a gaping hole in your database security,
which could result in a data breach and will no doubt be caught by the auditor.